# How it works

In a nutshell, Lupus Decoupled Drupal provides an API to fetch data about pages from Drupal by using custom elements. That way the backend may compose pages out of high-level components, while a modern frontend framework like Vue.js may be used for rendering.

## What is a custom element?

Custom elements refer to non-standard markup elements, e.g. `<flag-icon country="nl">Netherlands</flag-icon>`. They consist of the element name `flag-icon`, attributes like `country` and contained markup in <em>slots</em> (Netherlands). Slots may contain nested custom elements, markup or just plain text.

For example, this is how a teaser listing using two custom elements, `teaser-listing` and `article-teaser` could look like:

```html
<teaser-listing title="Latest news" icon="news">
    <article-teaser 
        href="https://example.com/news/1" 
        excerpt="The excerpt of the news entry."
    >
    </article-teaser>
    <article-teaser 
        href="https://example.com/news/2" 
        excerpt="The excerpt of the news entry."
    >
    </article-teaser>
</teaser-listing>
```

## Providing custom elements

 To provide custom elements to the frontend simply define a route of format `custom_elements`. The following example lists some teasers using `article-teaser` and `teaser-listing` from above:

::code-group

  ```php [Controller/News.php]
     <?php
       echo "hello world";
  ```

  ```php [MODULE.routing.yml]
     <?php
       echo "hello world";
  ```
::

This results in the following custom-elements API response, which can serialize the elements either into JSON (default) or markup:
`/news` page:

::code-group

  ```json [/ce-api/news]
  {
    foo: "bar"
  }
  ```

  ```json [/ce-api/news?_content_format=markup]
  {
    foo: "bar"
  }
  ```
::


## Rendering custom elements

While any frontend framework or tooling may be used to render the custom elements API response, Lupus Decoupled Drupal comes with a [Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) by default, which enables you to get started quickly using [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)


## Config vs. code

Note that most often, you don't have to code custom routes like this, since Lupus Decoupled Drupal provides custom-elements output for associated pages and the various display modes of your content (e.g. a teaser). The custom element output for Drupal's content entities  (soon!) may be configured to suite your frontend components by using its powerful UI and configuration management system.

## First steps

Best, test it yourself by either quickly launching a [cloud environment](/get-started/play-online) or setting up a [new project](/get-started/create-new-project) locally, then continue with your [first steps](/get-started/first-steps).

