content/0.index.md, before:

---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /get-started/play-online
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/drunomics/lupus-decoupled-project
snippet:
  - // Drupal module
  - composer require drupal/lupus_decoupled
  - 
  - // Nuxt module
  - npm install nuxtjs-drupal-ce@alpha
---

#title
The power of Drupal, <br> with a modern frontend

#description
Enjoy using [Vue](https://vuejs.org) components with [Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) and component-oriented Decoupled Drupal!

#extra
  ::list
  - A complete, fully integrated solution - working **out of the box**!
  - Drupal powered  editorial control of pages, layouts, paths, metatags, breadcrumbs and previews
  - Leverage **Drupal authentication** in the frontend. Edit buttons and Drupal messages just work!
  - Performance focused, integrates well with Drupal page caching!
  - Flexible frontend deployment options, static or server-renderered thanks to Nuxt
  - Extensible with both Nuxt and Drupal modules
::

::card-grid
#title
Main features

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=tabler:layers-linked}
  #title
  Fully integrated
  #description
    Have edit buttons in your frontend, simply working previews in the backend.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:layout-board}
  #title
  Composable pages
  #description
  Allow editors to compose pages out of frontend components, e.g. via layout builder or paragraphs.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Easy deployment
  #description
  Benefit from ready to-go dev & hosting templates (WIP)
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:drupal}
  #title
  The power of [Drupal](https://drupal.org)
  #description
  Build versatile, structured content. Incredible tools, proudly open source!
  ::

  ::card{icon=logos:vue}
  #title
  Enjoy [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)
  #description
  Write standard HTML, CSS and JavaScript with intuitive API.
  ::

  ::card{icon=logos:nuxt-icon}
  #title
  Nuxt frontend
  #description
  Harness the full power of [Nuxt 3](https://v3.nuxtjs.org) and its [modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org) ecosystem.
  ::

::

Commit message:

Initial how it works page.

content/0.index.md, after:

---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - How it works
  - /get-started/how-it-works
secondary:
  - Try it →
  - /get-started/play-online
snippet:
  - // Drupal module
  - composer require drupal/lupus_decoupled
  - 
  - // Nuxt module
  - npm install nuxtjs-drupal-ce@alpha
---

#title
The power of Drupal, <br> with a modern frontend

#description
Enjoy using [Vue](https://vuejs.org) components with [Nuxt](https://nuxt.com) and component-oriented Decoupled Drupal!

#extra
  ::list
  - A complete, fully integrated solution - working **out of the box**!
  - Drupal powered  editorial control of pages, layouts, paths, metatags, breadcrumbs and previews
  - Leverage **Drupal authentication** in the frontend. Edit buttons and Drupal messages just work!
  - Performance focused, integrates well with Drupal page caching!
  - Flexible frontend deployment options, static or server-renderered thanks to Nuxt
  - Extensible with both Nuxt and Drupal modules
::

::card-grid
#title
Main features

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=tabler:layers-linked}
  #title
  Fully integrated
  #description
    Have edit buttons in your frontend, simply working previews in the backend.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:layout-board}
  #title
  Composable pages
  #description
  Allow editors to compose pages out of frontend components, e.g. via layout builder or paragraphs.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Easy deployment
  #description
  Benefit from ready to-go dev & hosting templates (WIP)
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:drupal}
  #title
  The power of [Drupal](https://drupal.org)
  #description
  Build versatile, structured content. Incredible tools, proudly open source!
  ::

  ::card{icon=logos:vue}
  #title
  Enjoy [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)
  #description
  Write standard HTML, CSS and JavaScript with intuitive API.
  ::

  ::card{icon=logos:nuxt-icon}
  #title
  Nuxt frontend
  #description
  Harness the full power of [Nuxt 3](https://v3.nuxtjs.org) and its [modules](https://modules.nuxtjs.org) ecosystem.
  ::

::
