# Rendering Custom Elements

The [Drupal Custom Elements Connector](https://github.com/drunomics/nuxt-module-drupal-ce) module allows you to render custom elements in your Nuxt.js application fetched from a Drupal backend. Here, we'll cover how to render custom elements using both the markup and JSON formats.

## Basics

Generally, each custom element maps to a Vue component, which is automatically picked up when the below steps are followed correctly.

There is one gotcha though: For Vue to find your custom element components, they must be globally registered. Thus, in Nuxt, simply put them into your `components/global` folder, and they are picked up.

Second, custom elements use `kebap-case` by default, Vue components use `CamelCase`. Vue automatically does the conversion, so simply add a Vue component `KebapCase.vue` for the `kebap-case` custom element.

## Rendering using custom elements markup

Firstly, you need to enable the `vue.runtimeCompiler` in Nuxt to use custom elements. This will allow us to make a dynamic component with the markup as the template.

```js
// nuxt.config.js
export default {
  vue: {
    runtimeCompiler: true
  }
}
```

When the template compiler is enabled, simply use [Vue slots](https://vuejs.org/guide/components/slots.html#named-slots) for custom elements with slots:

```html
<template>
  <div class="my-component-with-a-default-slot">
    <slot name="default"></slot>
  </div>
</template>
```

## Rendering using JSON

When using JSON serialization, the default slot gets put into the `content` attribute, other named slots simply keep their name.

```js
<template>
  <div class="my-component-with-a-default-slot">
    <component :is="renderCustomElements(page.content)" />
  </div>
</template>

<script setup>
const { renderCustomElements } = useDrupalCe()
</script>
```
