# Site Layout & Menus

## Site Layout

By default, Lupus Decoupled Drupal only serves the main page content as part of its page API response. That way, the overall site layout may be custom-built in the frontend, while some dynamic elements like navigation menus are
fetched from Drupal using separate API requests. Thanks to client-side navigation, the header and footer does not
need to be re-fetched for subsequent pages.

That means, by default, the Drupal "Block layout" configuration is ignored and not applied. By installing the "Lupus Decoupled Drupal - Blocks" submodule, support for that configuration may be enabled. Pleaser refer to [Advanced Topics > Block layout](/advanced-topics/block-layout) for more details on that.

Finally, it's possible to swap the used site-layout for some pages, e.g. by changing the value of the "layout" attribute for the page API responses. Please refer to [Nuxt > Page Layouts](/nuxt/page-layouts) for more details on that.

## Navigation menus

Lupus Decoupled Drupal integrates with the [Rest menu items](https://drupal.org/project/rest_menu_items) module.
That module is automatically installed and configured as part of Lupus Decoupled Drupal, so the REST API endpoints providing the Drupal menu items (see /admin/structure/menu) are available under https://yourdrupalsite.com/ce-api/api/menu_items/{menu_name}.

Combined with the default menu components provided by the Nuxt Drupal CE Connector modules, the main and footer
menu work out of the box, while additional menus may be added and displayed the same way easily.

